In the four hour workweek.
Find out how you can work a lot less and enjoy life more.
Authored.
Timothy Ferriss explains how to escape the nine to five grind and work just four
hours a week.
Okay.
Life doesn't have to be so hard.
It really doesn't know.
If you had told me that three years ago,
I wouldn't have believed you,
but most people like pass off included.
I resigned themselves to nine to five grind and exchange for sometimes,
although increasingly less and less relaxing weekends and the occasional one
week,
certainly no more than two week vacation,
I came to realize that income really has no practical value without time.
Here are a few simple steps you can take to escape the rat race entirely,
not just when it,
one of the first steps is the process of elimination.
So to start,
you need to consider something called Pereda Islam more commonly known as the 80
20 principle because in order to work less,
not have everything fall apart,
you'll have to quantify the 20% of activities that are producing 80% of your
desired outcomes.
Also take that time to determine the 20% of activities and people who are
consuming 80% of your time.
Use this principle for everything customers,
work tasks,
but also for personal chores,
even for friends.
The goal here is two fold.
Number one,
to find your inefficiencies in order to eliminate them,
and then secondly,
and this is just as important to find your strengths and those critical few
tasks so you can multiply your output.
Working every hour,
every minute from nine to five with some type of fidget isn't the goal.
It's simply the structure most people use.
It's actually a legacy from a time that's already been obsolescence
in a knowledge economy.
The more important thing is to shift from presence to performance,
cut out the static,
all the principals to time and income out,
contributing back and focus on the critical few.
You'll find that very few things matter.
Another critical step and a real compliment to elimination is what I call the
low inflammation diet or cultivating selective ignorance.
Keeping abreast of all the new developments in any field will consume all of
your time.
It'll be all input and no output.
You can't possibly digest all that information.
So more effective approach is to try to catch up when need be as opposed to
keeping up at all times.
A big part of selective ignorance is learning to let things wait.
For example,
email.
So email is the single largest acceptable interruption in modern life and it's a
very convenient way of simulating forward motion without accomplishing anything.
It shouldn't be a workspace.
It's a,
and one of the easiest methods I've seen for controlling email and one that's
become quite popular in silicon valley is setting up a simple autoresponder,
much like a vacation auto response that says something like the following.
Dear,
all in an effort to actually get work done,
I'm testing a new email policy.
I'm checking and responding to email only twice a day at 11:00 AM and 4:00 PM
Pacific Time or whatever your time zone happens to be.
If you need a response before one of these,
two times for anything urgent,
please call me on my cell phone.
Thanks for understanding this move to greater effectiveness and efficiency.
Whatever your name is,
this gives you the breathing room.
Finally to single task and focus on completing the mission critical tasks,
the critical few from start to finish without interruption.
The third important tool I'd like to mention in one of my personal favorites is
outsourcing live.
To get started though,
we first need to replace the very obsolete concept of annual income.
Does a very deceptive metric with hourly in jumps,
and people are generally extremely hesitant to delegate or outsource because
they feel they can do something free themselves.
This is very inaccurate,
so let's start with the very basic calculation of hourly time.
If you make,
let's say $50,000 per year,
cut off the last three Zeros lives just 50 and you divide that in half and you
get 25 cc,
make $25 an hour.
This is assuming you get two weeks off per year and you're working 40 hours per
week.
So let's just say on the very high end that you can hire a personal assistant at
$30 per hour.
The handle,
one work day of eight hours,
so your cost per hours and $5 so his or her 30 minus your 25 that means $40 per
full eight hour day of freedom.
This also means that you can take a three day weekend every week and it will
cost you $40 per week.
I hire virtual assistants around the world,
which only takes a few hours to help me with just about everything from business
research to reading,
email,
cutting hundreds of email down to four or five that I actually have to deal with
to travel,
product development,
purchasing,
planning parties,
even online dating.
There are a lot of unorthodox and creative uses.
Personal outsourcing is only limited by your imagination and return on
investment is astounding.
400 500% even for someone who makes 30 $40,000 a year,
it's smart to focus on getting things done,
but it's only possible when you actually set your not to do list.
So once we remove the constant static and the distraction and focus on the
critical few,
and they're really just aren't that many.
So I hope you enjoyed the book and just remember that outside of the law and
science,
all the rules,
we follow our rules,
we set ourselves.
So set yourself up to win and choose your own roles.